chore: readme updates & use UDS CLI for zarf (#137)
defenseunicorns/uds-core: bundles/k3d-standard/README.md

# Unicorn Delivery Service - K3d Core Bundle (UDS Core)

> This bundle is used for demonstration, development, and testing of UDS Core. In addition to the [UDS Core applications](../../README.md#core-applications), it also includes:
> 
> The k3d uds-dev-stack provides:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This bundle is used for demonstration, development, and testing of UDS Core. In addition to the [UDS Core applications](../../README.md#core-applications), the included k3d uds-dev-stack provides:
```
